# Academy-Campus---Secure-Network-
Through this project, I aimed to implement advanced security measures while learning how to effectively safeguard our digital infrastructure. Along the way, I encountered numerous challenges that required extensive troubleshooting and prompted significant research using tools like Cisco Packet Tracer. By documenting my journey and the steps taken, I am not only creating a secure network that meets current challenges and prepares for future threats but also sharing valuable insights gained from hands-on experience.
The main objective for this project is to enable secure communication between all devices and branches. Establish an ACL for SSH on a VTY line to allow only the management network to access remotely and permit remote administrative tasks.Implement OSPF as routing protocol to advertise routes on the firewall, router and multilayer switches. Etherchannel: Implement LACP - Link Aggregation Control Protocol to enhance link aggregation efficiency - This will be the connection between Multilayers Switches. For each branch Between routers I used  Serial DCE cable. (Must install DCE Module HWIC-2T first) And configure Clock rate later for a more efficient  synchronization. A communication using Serial Cables can operate more efficiently at higher frequencies, it’s more robust and still relevant today.   Trunk Ports are necessary to allow  traffic for Multiple Vlans, in order to link switches. Because  Access Ports only accept traffic for a single Vlan. NAT should be configured. Implement HSRP protocol, STP Portfast, DHCP Pools to assign IP addresses Dynamically. And Subnetting LAN + WLAN considering both Branches could hold up to 60 thousand uses each.  
